# join the 2025 APAC kick-off meeting

Many people join in the meeting, i'm the no man, just to see what is happening, and looks like no one know what will happen when Trump start the 2nd phase.

Join in the A3 training, think it is a very good tool, to be used to solve any kinds of problem, can be big or small, can be work or others.

A3 include 9 stepts

1. reason for change (A3)

    Very important, it drive the importance. The size of the problem. the gain.

2. what is the current status

    There for, must be measureable.

3. what is the expectation/goal

    must be measureable.

4. what is the gap (problem)

    The gap is the problem.

5. Gap analysis

    any tools can be used.
    fault tree.
    brain stoming
    5-whys
    etc

6. solutions / pic map/chart

    focus on the gap, should have strong link to the problem.

    should be action able.
    should be controlled by team.

7. actions

    smart rule.

8. quck run / follow up

    Check quickly, and narrow the options.

9. reflection

    Lesson learned and going forwrd with hihger stage.

---

Called YY, he is playing the video game as usual. And no patient to talk to me. ask for money for any action.

said no meaning for life. only if support to others in website to play games to make him feel meaning. And not want to go back to school. And angry for everthing.

give him 500RMB, and he feels happy, and promise to study today. I asked him today about if he learned today. He said, yes, want to lean, but since away from study for too long time, can not put heart in it. just feel boring.  I ask him to try 5min for one time focus and then have some rest, and try another 5min.

Xizang earthquick days ago.

---