# 2025-01-01 To myself

**Happy new year to me and my family. ;-）**

_Today is a totally new day and new life chapeter, let me prepared for the coming winter season._

Get up at 9:30 in the morning, and drive to the 银杏天鹅湖附近的科技馆 to join in the event with ZZ & YT to start the 1st day of 2025. Trying to invite YY to join, but he refused as usual. He lost in the video games for a long time and no interests to any other things.

My little girl is shy and always hide in the back side to seeing, and do not join in the activity. I do not want to push her, and let her go. I join in the activity to help to show the involvement and hope she can enjoy and learn from it.

No matter how much argue I have with my family, there is no doute that I love them all.

If I can change my behavior to make the family became calm, happier, less argument, and work together to prepare for the future hard time, I'm ready do everything I can.

I'll try to keep calm and positive to the future, no matter what is it, and what it means for the whole family.

Family is always the No. 1.

Winter is coming and be prepared. This is the word I want to say to myself. But that not mean to worry much. It is a drive force to keep looking forward, and doing something to make the things easier when the bad thing happen. Doing the best and prepare for the worst is the stratage in 2025.

In the noon, we have lunch in Boton stack restrant with yy, zz, yt, and after that, we go to the art center to join another activity, i'm in lib to learn, after that we go home, and i sleep early.


