# 应该停止做的21件事

1. Stop organizational politics  
停止办公室政治。根据客观的绩效指标评判员工。  
An environment in which competition for power, influence, resources, and promotions are based on subjective and hidden criteria is very demotivating for employees.
2. Stop setting unclear expectations  
停止设置模糊的期望  
Unclear, confusing, and contradictory goals, objectives, and standards cause employees to check out.
3. Stop unnecessary rules  
停止不必要的规定  
Rules are necessary, but too many of them are demotivating.
4. Stop poorly designed work  
停止没设计好的工作  
Poorly engineered work gets in the way of satisfying internal and external customers and frustrates employees.
5. Stop unproductive meetings  
停止无产出的会议  
Employees often leave meetings looking exhausted, battered, and bored for good reason.
6. Stop the lack of follow-up  
避免缺乏跟进  
Most employees could write a book about the the latest-and-greatest programs that died on the vine.
7. Stop the constant change  
停止频繁变动  
Change is necessary, but in some organizations it seems as if change is arbitrary and capricious.
8. Stop the internal competition  
停止内部竞争  
The healthiest organizations compete against their competition, not against themselves.
9. Stop being dishonest  
停止撒谎  
Employees hate being lied to.
10. Stop the hypocrisy  
停止伪善  
How can you trust leaders who say one thing and do another?
11. Stop withholding information  
停止信息隐瞒  
Lying by omission is still lying.
12. Stop being unfair  
停止不公  
Some organizations are full of policies and practices that are perceived as inequitable.
13. Stop discouraging employee ideas and suggestions  
停止打击员工的点子或建议  
Negative and instantaneous responses to employees' ideas and suggestions, such as "It won't work," "You can't do that here," "That's not feasible" will turn off your employees every time.
14. Stop criticizing  
停止苛刻的批评  
Some work environments make employees feel like they are "guilty until proven innocent." Does yours?
15. Stop underutilizing your people  
充分发挥员工潜能  
Many employees feel that the capabilities they were hired for aren't being used.
16. Stop tolerating poor performance  
不容忍差绩效  
When you overlook a poor performer, you can cause everyone to look (and feel) bad.
17. Stop taking employees for granted  
不要把员工视为理所当然  
Many employees quietly do a good job, and are systematically ignored.
18. Stop being invisible  
让员工看到  
It is amazing how many employees wouldn't even recognize the division vice president, much less the CEO.
19. Stop over-controlling  
防止过度控制  
Most employees are willing to be empowered, but few managers are willing to give them the authority to be empowered.
20. Stop benefits takeaways  
停止降低员工福利  
Reversing a benefit or policy--and putting your employees at a financial or other disadvantage--is a sure way to kill morale and loyalty.
21. Stop forcing employees to do poor quality work  
停止强迫员工做低质量的工作  
Work rules that don't allow quality-conscious employees to take pride in the work they do destroy engagement.
